happy holidays from me to you it is
Christmas Eve and I'm in my apartment
alone my roommates are off and a bunch
of my friends in town have left town so
they're no longer here and that leaves
me in front of the webcam with all of
you and I'm so happy to be here because
I'm really happy to be able to give a
big THANK YOU to everyone and sort of
this holiday end-of-the-year vlog that
I've put together just now and in order
to do that I've actually gone ahead and
pulled some stats you know in the middle
of June for those that don't know Yahoo
eSports shut down which means that all
the concert I was putting over there
didn't have a place so I came back to
this YouTube channel which had you know
basically been abandoned for several
years with a couple of side projects
that I'd occasionally threw up but you
know we didn't have much going on here
and during those six months we've
produced over 200 videos so more than a
video a day and we saw our sub count go
up fifty thousand that means that
basically that the channel doubled the
subs that they had or that it had over a
hundred thousand people are now sub to
the channel which was a huge moment for
me we also saw 175 thousand likes to
forty five hundred dislikes so thank you
to everyone liking sorry to everyone who
disliked and by the way the ratio for
that is incredible and we've also had
over 8 million views with the majority
of those coming in in the past couple of
months and because of all those videos
all those subs all the likes all the
views that you guys are giving the
content here we were able to lock in
three different sponsors for different
events the first one being mobile dicks
with world's omen came in for Blizzcon
and HTC eSports partnered up with me for
all-stars and by the way as happy as I
am to all those sponsors they're great
I'm happy to have worked with them I'm
very happy to all of you for coming in
and giving all the support of the
channel because there's no way those
guys would have shown up if it wasn't
for the support that you guys have given
me over the past six months you know
whenever I got into this I really
thought that this channel was just gonna
be kind of a hold over as I looked for a
full-time media gig but between you know
different messages that I got on Twitter
YouTube twitch chat and threads that
popped up on
right at really supporting all the
content that I was able to do I got more
and more inspired to kind of try to stay
independent and just work directly with
brands rather than trying to start some
new big media thing right and so it's
it's again that support that you guys
have all provided that allowed me to do
that and that support oftentimes came in
basically a direct monetary standpoint
so for instance just last month we
started a patreon and thank you guys to
all all those of you that supported the
patriarchy is there's not too many
rewards there you know the way that I
create content I want everyone to be
able to see it so I don't want to put it
behind a paywall I don't want to ever
have interviews that sometimes they're
only accessible to patrons or anything
like that so in an effort to try to make
sure that even my vlogs and everything
stayed front-facing you know the patreon
patreon that I'm running is you know
it's just basically out of the
graciousness of everyone's heart if they
decide to support it and we had I think
just over three hundred dollars hit that
patreon last month and now we've seen
that grow to 723 and I'll be candidate
in the grand scheme of patreon so it's
not that much but and eSports you know
patrons don't really do that well people
are so used to getting content for free
anyway and so this really surpassed my
expectations and the fact that we were
able to been we've been able to double
it and a month has been phenomenal and a
lot of you also sub directly to twitch
you know mark and I were able to create
hotline League and launch that just
before worlds we continued it on after I
got back from China and we've had a ton
of support of people either subbing
directly with their Amazon or twit Prime
subs basically on a month-to-month basis
because of course it you have to kind of
renew that and so I've seen so many of
the familiar faces come in and pop that
sub in again and in some cases people
are using the direct $4.99 or 999
options to support the channel and my
content as well so thanks to everyone
there and by the way even down to the
foam coverings that I'm using on the
microphones that I interview people with
we've had a lot of people come in and
just directly support off of
the Amazon wishlist you know people have
bought gear a lot of the you know cables
everything down to some of the stuff
that we've been using just in our
standard interviews has been a purchased
from the Amazon wish list that I have
set up with gear and random stuff on
there so thanks to everybody and at the
end of the day a lot of people just came
in and supported directly via the
support page with either pay power
stream labs direct financial donation so
while you know I definitely would not be
able to do all this without things like
the sponsors that come in for events the
ID I think also I wouldn't be able to
commit to doing all this stuff if it
wasn't for the direct financial support
that you guys have all provided over the
past six months so thank you so much to
everybody who has done that you know I
think at the end of the year here I'm
trying to decide what next year looks
like and the support that everyone's
given this channel whether it's just
watching subbing to the channel you know
sending a thank-you note to sponsors
when they come in for events or any of
the other financial options I think
that's what's really inspired me to keep
going with all this stuff and I'm I'm
really psyched about next year and else
yes and continuing this path forward
so as the holidays are here like I said
I just wanted to post up this video sort
of sharing some stats with you guys and
thanking you all for the support that
you've provided even just watching this
video is a super super appreciated and
so now I will probably go off and watch
a Christmas movie in my living room or
play some video games but again thank
you all for watching and hope to see you
all next year